Kimmy, K2.6 plus, Open Code is insane.
You say I planned the entire project,
wrote every file, ran the code, caught a
bug, fixed the bug, and kept building,
all on its own. I didn't touch the
keyboard. This is not auto-complete.
This is not ChatGPT. This is a fully
autonomous coding agent running on your
computer, making decisions, executing
commands, and shipping real working
software. I've tested a lot of AI tools,
a lot. And this combination, Kimmy K2.6
running inside Open Code, is one of the
most genuinely useful things I've
touched this year. Not because it looks
cool in a demo, because it actually
builds things, real things. Landing
pages, automation systems, full-stack
applications, content pipelines, things
that used to take a developer days, now
built from a single clear prompt. By the
end of this video, you're going to
understand exactly what this tool does,
why the K2.6 update matters, and how to
use it right now to build real systems
for your business, including a live
example using it to build something for
the AI Profit Boardroom. Stay with me.
This one is genuinely worth your time.
Hey, if we haven't met already, I'm the
digital avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of
SEO agency Goldie Agency. Since he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below. Every AI coding tool you've used
before works the same basic way. You
describe something, it writes some code,
you copy it, you paste it into your
project, you run it, it breaks, you copy
the error, you paste it back, the AI
tries again, you go back and forth. That
process works, but it's slow, and you
are doing all the connecting. You are
the glue between the AI and the actual
execution of the code. Kimmy K2.6 inside
Open Code removes you from that loop
entirely. This is what's called an
agentic coding model. It doesn't just
write and hand off. It reads your entire
project first. It understands what
exists, what connects to what, and what
needs to happen. Then it makes a plan.
Then it executes that plan autonomously.
It writes files, runs commands, checks
the output, reads any errors, fixes
them, and keeps going until the work is
done. The loop looks like this. You give
one prompt.
Open Code executes the commands. The
code runs. If something breaks, Kimmy
reads the error, revises the logic, and
runs it again. That cycle repeats until
you have a working result. You are not
in the middle of that loop anymore.
There have been earlier Kimmy models,
but K2.6 is the one that changed the
conversation. Community benchmarks from
real builders and developers are putting
it close to Claude Sonnet level on
coding tasks. Sonnet has consistently
been one of the strongest coding models
available. For Kimmy K2.6 to be
competing at that level matters
enormously, especially given how it
integrates with agentic workflows. The
reasoning improvements in K2.6 are what
make the agent loop actually reliable.
Earlier versions would sometimes get
stuck, repeat the same mistake twice, or
lose track of the goal midway through a
complex task. K2.6 thinks through
problems more systematically. When it
hits a wall, it approaches errors
differently rather than retrying the
same failing approach. The front-end
improvements are also significant.
Building interfaces, dashboards, landing
pages, and visual components is
noticeably cleaner and more
production-ready in this version. And
the context window sits at over 256,000
tokens. That means Kimmy can hold your
entire code base in memory at once. Not
one file, not a folder, the whole thing.
That is what allows it to make changes
across multiple files simultaneously
without breaking the connections between
them. That is real software development
capability, not just code generation.
Quick pause here, because if what you're
seeing right now is making you think
about how you could actually use tools
like this in your own business, you need
to be inside the AI Profit Boardroom.
It's a community of people who are
actively using AI to build smarter
systems, automate time-consuming work,
and grow their businesses with less
manual effort. Not theory, actual
workflows from people who are in the
trenches doing this stuff every day. If
you want to learn how to save time and
automate your business with AI tools
like Kimmy K2.6 and Open Code, come find
us. Link is in the description. Now,
let's keep going because the best bit is
coming. Let me make this concrete with a
real example. Say you need a new landing
page for the AI Profit Boardroom. It
needs to explain what the community is
about, communicate the value of AI
automation for business owners, show
what members get access to, and convert
visitors into members. It needs to look
clean, load fast, and work on mobile.
One prompt to Kimmy K2.6 inside Open
Code, you write something like this.
Build a high-converting landing page for
the AI Profit Boardroom, an AI
automation community for business
owners. Include a hero section with a
bold headline about saving time with AI,
a benefit section with at least four key
features, a social proof section with
placeholder testimonials, and a call to
action button to join the community. Use
Tailwind CSS, make it fully responsive,
and keep the design clean and modern.
That's the prompt. You send it. Kimmy
reads it and starts planning. It breaks
the task down into components: hero
section, benefits grid, testimonial
block, call to action. It decides on the
file structure. It writes the HTML. It
applies the Tailwind classes for layout
and spacing. It writes placeholder copy
for each section that actually fits the
context of an AI community. It creates
the component logic. It outputs the
files. It runs a check. If a Tailwind
class is not rendering correctly, it
catches it and adjusts. If a section is
breaking on mobile, it identifies the
issue and fixes the responsive styling.
You end up with a working, deployable
landing page ready to customize with
your real copy and branding. You wrote
one prompt. You got a working landing
page. That is the difference this tool
makes. Here is another workflow that
applies directly to anyone running a
community or content business. Imagine
you produce regular training calls,
webinars, and live sessions for a
community like AI Profit Boardroom.
After every session, you want to take
the transcript and automatically turn it
into a formatted blog post, run basic
SEO optimization on it, and export a
clean PDF version for members to
download and keep. That is a multi-step
content pipeline. Normally, you'd need a
team member or a complex Zapier setup to
string that together. With Kimmy K2.6
and Open Code, you prompt it to build
that system for you. It writes the
scripts for each stage. Pull the
transcript, clean the formatting,
extract the key points, structure them
as a blog post, run a keyword check,
apply heading structure, output as
formatted PDF. Each step connects to the
next. Open Code runs the whole pipeline.
You set it up once. After that, you run
one command every time you have a new
session. The pipeline handles the rest.
That is hours of manual work reduced to
a single input. Let me be straight with
you, because hype without honesty is
useless. Your prompts have to be
specific. Vague prompts produce vague,
unreliable results. If you write build
me an app, you will get something
generic that probably does not match
what you actually wanted. If you write
build a membership dashboard for an AI
community with a login screen, a
resource library section organized by
category, and a progress tracker for
each course, you get something real and
usable. On complex back-end work,
particularly anything involving advanced
database logic, multi-level
authentication, or third-party API
integrations, you will want to review
the output carefully. It can handle
these things, but logic errors happen,
and you need to check. The setup also
takes some time. You need to install
Open Code, configure your API access,
and get comfortable working in the
terminal environment. It is not instant
like a browser-based tool. There is a
short ramp to get started. Once you are
past that setup, though, the actual
capability is significant, and the
outputs are real. Two years ago,
AI-generated code was unreliable.
Everyone who tried it knew that. A year
ago, it improved, but still needed
constant hand-holding. Now we have
models like Kimmy K2.6 that plan, build,
run inside a single autonomous loop. The
pace of improvement is not leveling off.
Every few months, there is another
meaningful jump. K2.6 is one of those
jumps. For anyone building a business
online right now, the gap between people
using these tools properly and people
not using them at all is getting wider
every month. Not because of any single
feature, but because of the cumulative
time and output difference that builds
up over weeks and months of work. This
is not about replacing creativity or
strategy. It's about removing the
bottlenecks between having a clear idea
and having a working implementation of
that idea. All right, if you want to go
deeper on all of this and learn how to
actually integrate tools like Kimmy K2.6
and Open Code into your business in a
practical, structured way, come join the
AI Profit Boardroom. It is a community
of serious people using AI to build real
systems and grow their businesses. Real
workflows, real use cases, real
implementation. Link is in the
description below. And if you want the
full process SOPs and over 100 AI use
cases just like this one, join the AI
Success Lab. It is completely free.
Links are in the comments and the
description. You will get all the video
notes from this video in there, plus
access to our community of 40,000
members who are genuinely crushing it
with AI right now. Do not just watch,
come build with us. See you inside.